README.md, before:

<img alt="birds swimming on a lake" title="Vögel am Starnberger See" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/scorphus/scorphus/master/banner.jpg" />

### Hi there 👋

I'm [Pablo][website], computer scientist and open-source enthusiast contributor. I live in beautiful
Munich, Germany, working as lead software engineer. In my free time, I maintain various open-source
projects, such as:

- [Oh My Fish][oh-my-fish]: the [Fish Shell][fish-shell] framework. It provides core infrastructure
  that allows installation of plugins and themes
- [Thumbor][thumbor]: a smart imaging service. It enables on-demand crop, resizing and flipping of
  images
- [The Fuck][thefuck]: a magnificent app that corrects errors in previous console commands (thx for
  helping, [@divykj][divykj]!)
- [Tsuru][tsuru]: an extensible open source Platform as a Service (PaaS) that makes application
  deployment quick and easy

I also mentor 🙌 hackathons such as [HackIllinois][mentor-spotlight], the largest OSS hackathon in
the world. <!--I'm also working on a [new engine for Thumbor][imagemagick-engine] built on top of
[ImageMagick][wand].--> And I also ✍ blog from time to time, mostly about coding, on [my
website][website] — there you can find my contact links 📫 and ask me about anything! 💬

Besides that, I'm currently learning 🦀 [Rust][advent-of-code-2018] and 💜 [Elixir][advent-of-code].
And, as I ❤️ [love coding][advent-of-code-2020] so much, I do care to always [keep][training] my axe
[sharp][pythonchallengesolutions].

Beyond coding, I also love 🚴‍♂️ cycling, 🏔 hiking and ☕️ coffee that can be labeled specialty.

[website]: https://pabloaguiar.me
[oh-my-fish]: https://github.com/oh-my-fish/oh-my-fish
[fish-shell]: https://github.com/fish-shell/fish-shell
[thumbor]: https://github.com/thumbor
[tsuru]: https://github.com/tsuru
[thefuck]: https://github.com/nvbn/thefuck
[divykj]: https://github.com/divykj
[dotfiles]: https://github.com/scorphus/dotfiles
[mentor-spotlight]: https://blog.hackillinois.org/spotlights/2018/08/14/mentor-spotlight-pablo-aguiar.html
[imagemagick-engine]: https://github.com/scorphus/imagemagick-engine
[wand]: https://github.com/emcconville/wand
[advent-of-code-2018]: https://github.com/scorphus/advent-of-code-2018
[advent-of-code]: https://github.com/scorphus/advent-of-code
[advent-of-code-2020]: https://github.com/scorphus/advent-of-code-2020
[training]: https://github.com/scorphus/training
[pythonchallengesolutions]: https://github.com/scorphus/PythonChallengeSolutions

<!--
**scorphus/scorphus** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

➕ Add thumbor-wand-engine to list of projects

README.md, after:

<img alt="birds swimming on a lake" title="Vögel am Starnberger See" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/scorphus/scorphus/master/banner.jpg" />

### Hi there 👋

I'm [Pablo][website], computer scientist and open-source enthusiast contributor. I live in beautiful
Munich, Germany, working as lead software engineer. In my free time, I maintain various open-source
projects, such as:

- [Oh My Fish][oh-my-fish]: the [Fish Shell][fish-shell] framework. It provides core infrastructure
  that allows installation of plugins and themes
- [Thumbor][thumbor]: a smart imaging service. It enables on-demand crop, resizing and flipping of
  images
- [thumbor-wand-engine][]: an imaging engine for Thumbor built on top of [ImageMagick][wand]
- [The Fuck][thefuck]: a magnificent app that corrects errors in previous console commands (thx for
  helping, [@divykj][divykj]!)
- [Tsuru][tsuru]: an extensible open source Platform as a Service (PaaS) that makes application
  deployment quick and easy

I also mentor 🙌 hackathons such as [HackIllinois][mentor-spotlight], the largest OSS hackathon in
the world. And I also ✍ blog from time to time, mostly about coding, on [my website][website] —
there you can find my contact links 📫 and ask me about anything! 💬

Besides that, I'm currently learning 🦀 [Rust][advent-of-code-2018] and 💜 [Elixir][advent-of-code].
And, as I ❤️ [love coding][advent-of-code-2020] so much, I do care to always [keep][training] my axe
[sharp][pythonchallengesolutions].

Beyond coding, I also love 🚴‍♂️ cycling, 🏔 hiking and ☕️ coffee that can be labeled specialty.

[website]: https://pabloaguiar.me
[oh-my-fish]: https://github.com/oh-my-fish/oh-my-fish
[fish-shell]: https://github.com/fish-shell/fish-shell
[thumbor]: https://github.com/thumbor
[tsuru]: https://github.com/tsuru
[thefuck]: https://github.com/nvbn/thefuck
[divykj]: https://github.com/divykj
[dotfiles]: https://github.com/scorphus/dotfiles
[mentor-spotlight]: https://blog.hackillinois.org/spotlights/2018/08/14/mentor-spotlight-pablo-aguiar.html
[thumbor-wand-engine]: https://github.com/scorphus/thumbor-wand-engine
[wand]: https://github.com/emcconville/wand
[advent-of-code-2018]: https://github.com/scorphus/advent-of-code-2018
[advent-of-code]: https://github.com/scorphus/advent-of-code
[advent-of-code-2020]: https://github.com/scorphus/advent-of-code-2020
[training]: https://github.com/scorphus/training
[pythonchallengesolutions]: https://github.com/scorphus/PythonChallengeSolutions

<!--
**scorphus/scorphus** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
